# Meetup events 

## Global AI Night - Amsterdam 

<p>-----------------<br/>Registration: <a href="https://go.eventbird.io/globalainight" class="linkified">https://go.eventbird.io/globalainight</a><br/>-----------------</p> <p>The Global AI Night is a free evening event organized by local communities all over the world that are passionate about Artificial Intelligence on the Microsoft Azure.</p> <p>The event takes place on the Tuesday 2nd of April on venues all over the world centrally organized by our HQ in the Netherlands, supported by Microsoft. The event is the perfect balance between quality content, awesome lectures, getting your hands dirty and learn &amp; share with other community members.</p> <p>-----------------------</p> <p>Program:<br/>17:30 - Walk-In &amp; Diner<br/>18:15 - Keynote<br/>18:30 - Lightning talks<br/>19:00 - Workshops 1 &amp; Workshop 2<br/>21:00 - Afsluiting &amp; drinks<br/>21:30 - Eind</p> <p>--------------------------------------</p> <p>Workshop 1:<br/>Get started quickly with AI with low to no code</p> <p>In this workshop you will be introduced to the Microsoft Cognitive Services, a range of offerings you can use to infuse intelligence and machine learning into your applications without needing to build the code from scratch. We will cover pre-trained AI APIs, such as computer vision and text analytics, that are accessed by REST. Then look at how you can host these models in containers, giving you the ability to run Cognitive Services offline and on edge devices. Finally we will dive into more Custom AI that uses transfer learning, allowing you to provide a small amount of your own data to train an image classification model. Wrapping the workshop up by building our custom trained AI into an application - using Logic Apps and Power Apps, tools that are ideal for proof of concepts within machine learning.</p> <p>------------------------------</p> <p>Workshop 2:<br/>Build, train and deploy your own machine learning and deep learning models</p> <p>Part 1: Build models quickly with automated machine learning</p> <p>Intelligent experiences powered by AI can seem like magic to users. Developing them, however, is cumbersome involving a series of sequential and interconnected decisions along the way that are very time consuming. Algorithm selection, hyper-parameter tuning, feature engineering... so many choices. What if there was an automated service that identifies the best machine learning pipelines for a given problem and dataset? The automated ML capability in Azure Machine Learning service does exactly that. By the end of the workshop you will create a model using automated ML and deploy it.</p> <p>Part 2: Crash course on building and accelerating deep learning solutions</p> <p>Learn the end to end process of building deep learning solutions from experimentation to deployment. We will start by experimenting locally with different model architectures and hyperparameters using PyTorch. Then, we’ll show you how to use Azure Machine Learning service to train models at massive scale in the cloud and seamlessly deploy them into production.</p> <p>------------------------------</p> <p>Dive in and learn how to implement intelligence into your solutions with the Microsoft AI platform, including pre-trained AI services like Cognitive Services and Bot Framework, as well as deep learning tools like Azure Machine Learning, Visual Studio Code Tools for AI, and Cognitive Toolkit.</p> <p>During this AI Night you will get inspired through sessions and get your hands dirty during the workshops. By the end of the night you will be able to infuse AI into your applications.</p> <p>More info on: <a href="https://global.ainights.com/" class="linkified">https://global.ainights.com/</a></p>  

## Introducing GRAKN.AI to Amsterdam 

<p># Introducing GRAKN.AI to Amsterdam</p> <p>Cognitive/AI systems process knowledge that is far too complex for current databases. They require an expressive data model and an intelligent query language to perform knowledge engineering over complex datasets. In this Meetup event, we will introduce GRAKN.AI, a distributed hyper-relational database for knowledge engineering, to Amsterdam's engineering community.</p> <p>Grakn provides the knowledge base foundation for intelligent systems to manage complex data. We will also introduce Graql: Grakn's reasoning (through OLTP) and analytics (through OLAP) query language. Graql provides the tools required to do knowledge engineering: an expressive schema for knowledge modelling, reasoning transactions for real-time inference, distributed algorithms for large-scale analytics, and optimisation of query execution. And finally, we will discuss how Graql’s language serves as unified data representation of data for cognitive systems.</p> <p>There will be beers, pizza, code, and most a certainly a good time!</p> <p>#### Tomas Sabat, Chief Operating Officer @ Grakn Labs</p> <p>Tomas is the COO of GRAKN.AI, the knowledge graph for intelligent systems. He works on introducing the world on how to use a Grakn knowledge graph to build cognitive and AI systems, working in industries such a biotech, finance and cyber-security.</p>  

## Dutch Mesos User Group #4 - @Vandebron 

<p>We're happy to announce our 4th meetup and this time we will be at Vandebron in Amsterdam! Giuseppe Procaccianti and Rogier Dikkes spoke at the Data Analytics Amsterdam meetup last year and will now share their progress with wind forecasting using ML on DC/OS. We also have Niels de Troije speaker from Rabobank who will share their journey with Mesos/Marathon, and Edgar Lanting from the Mesosphere Customer Success team who will do a short presentation and demo on troubleshooting.</p> <p>Are you a technologist working with modern data-intensive applications development including containers, Kubernetes, Spark, Mesos, Akka, Cassandra, Kafka, HDFS, Jenkins, Elastic, MongoDB, IoT, Artificial Intelligence, Big Data, Machine Learning, and DevOps?</p> <p>Apache Mesos &amp; DC/OS make it insanely easy to build, deploy and scale these and similar world-changing technologies leveraging hybrid cloud, public clouds or your own data centers. Join our meetup and hear all about managing multiple machines in the cloud or on-premises from a single interface.</p> <p>Program</p> <p>18:00 - 18:45 Walk-in, socializing over drinks and food</p> <p>18:45 - 18:50 Opening speech: Introduction Vandebron &amp; partnership with Mesosphere</p> <p>18:50 - 19:20 Forecasting wind energy using ML in DC/OS - By Giuseppe Procaccianti &amp; Rogier Dikkes, Vandebron</p> <p>19:20 - 19:50 Our journey with Mesos/Marathon - By Niels de Troije, Rabobank</p> <p>19:50 - 20:10 Troubleshooting &amp; DC/OS demo; How to investigate a root cause and work with support - By Edgar Lanting, Mesosphere</p> <p>20:10 - 21:30 Drinks, socializing</p> <p>The Meetup will be hosted at Vandebron, Herengracht 545, 1017 BW, Amsterdam on April 17th.</p> <p>Drinks and food served starting from 6 pm until the end.</p>  

## Let’s get physical: The Philosophy of the Body. 

<p>Future Based #5</p> <p>Long before Dick Swaab, both Plato and Descartes had already contended that we are our brains. They premised that thought is conducted within the head, and—since the head sits atop the body—stands in direct communication with the divine. Dangling from the head there is the body; passionate, surly, mechanical, and in need of domestication</p> <p>The philosopher Merleau-Ponty, in contrast, insists on the subjectivity of the body. The body is our window to the world; without it, perception, and thus knowledge, remain inaccessible. Contemporary philosopher Michel Serres emphasizes the intelligence and creative ability of the body.</p> <p>Scientific research has shown that much of the activity in the nervous system originates not from the brain, but from elsewhere within the body. Practices such as tai-chi and yoga are based on the principle that the body controls the mind, contrary to the conceited presupposition that the cognition our heads which controls the body. This coincides with the way that art and music, taste, touch, sight and smell influences our behaviour. It is also how we function when we play sports; during physical activity, many processes occur subconsciously.</p> <p>So, there is something funny going on here. Whereas on the one hand, the physical body has become the centre of attention, with a focus on sports, exercise, fitness, yoga and healthy eating habits. On the other hand, the body remains nothing but an instrument, even in light of the most innovative of projects. The human being is made equivalent to whatever is housed within their brains; the body, paling in comparison, vanishes.</p> <p>We find ourselves in a conflicted situation; a dualistic relationship to the body. For why would we work out and exercise if the body will be of no significance in the future? Why break a sweat if anything we think or do is already pre-programmed in an algorithm, in the brain, or in a genetic code? Is it fair to accept the brain as the lord and master of the body? How can we abandon such (Cartesian) dualistic thinking?</p> <p>During the meetup:</p> <p>Is the body a subject? How does our body relate to that of the other?</p> <p>During the meetup we will collectively explore the dimensions and complexities of the human body. The meetup will last for two hours, and is dedicated in particular to the philosophy of the body. Philosopher Aldo Houterman shall lead with an introduction, which will form the base for a group discussion. Artist Cindy Moorman will introduce her work methods, in which physical presence and the relation to the other are of vital importance to her research, which centres around social structures and the position of the body within its environment.</p> <p>Speakers:</p> <p>Aldo Houterman studied Philosophy at the University of Amsterdam. Aldo is a teacher and researcher on the subject of Philosophy of the Body and Brain. He has researched bodily experience within psychiatry and physiotherapy. He is currently writing a book on the philosophy of sports and exercise, and is a doctoral candidate at the Erasmus University. He also teaches Ethics and Philosophy at the department of Medicine and Biomedical Sciences at the University of Amsterdam, as well as in the Physiotherapy department at the University of Applied Sciences in Utrecht.</p> <p>Cindy Moorman is a visual artist. She obtained a Bachelor in Fine Arts at the University of the Arts in Arnhem and a Master in Fine Arts at the AKV Sint Joost in Breda. She has exhibited at the Stedelijk Museum Bureau Amsterdam, the Van Abbemuseum in Eindhoven, and the Museum of Modern Art in Arnhem. Cindy Moorman makes structures visible - ranging from sculptural forms to social rituals. Meaning and form are abstracted by Moorman; she makes existing social rituals her own, with a major focus on its physicality.</p> <p>Tickets can be found here: <a href="https://www.eventbrite.com/e/lets-get-physical-the-philosophy-of-the-body-tickets-58495485572" class="linkified">https://www.eventbrite.com/e/lets-get-physical-the-philosophy-of-the-body-tickets-58495485572</a></p> <p>Photo cover:<br/>Cindy Moorman<br/>De Constructies, 2013</p>  

## ADS Drinks & Data: Information Security and the role of Data Science 

<p>ADS Drinks &amp; Data: Information Security and the role of Data Science</p> <p>In the past decade, there has been an explosion in our data interactions with the world around us. Individuals and organizations are struggling to keep up with the revolutionary amount of data available and determining the value it holds.</p> <p>Organizations are recognizing the dire need to ride the data science roller coaster and the security paradigm that needs to re-invent itself. Only then will they keep up with all the possibilities these interactions will bring.</p> <p>But how secure are our interactions with this enormous amount of data?</p> <p>Join Amsterdam Data Science, APG, ABN AMRO and VU Amsterdam for this meetup as we discuss information security from the lenses of financial organizations.</p> <p>Keynote Speakers: Marcel Prins (COO, APG Asset Management), Dr. Martijn Dekker (CISO, ABN AMRO Bank), Herbert Bos (Head of VUSec Systems Security, VU)</p> <p>Date: Monday 15 April<br/>Time: 15:00-17:00<br/>Location: Amsterdam Symphony Auditorium, Gustav Mahlerplein 3, 1082 MS</p>  

## ADS Drinks & Data: Data Science and Behavioural Studies 

<p>In this ADS Drinks &amp; Data we will highlight cutting-edge research with a focus on Data Science and Behavioural Studies. There will be an opportunity for audience participation and interaction to discuss the key challenges within this domain. There will also be a chance to network after over drinks &amp; bites!</p> <p>How does information spread? How do images impact consumers' decision-making processes? How can we use data science to measure people's behaviours?</p> <p>These are some of the questions that will be presented at our next ADS Drinks &amp; Data Meetup.</p> <p>Join ADS and the University of Amsterdam to hear talks from:</p> <p>• Han van der Maas, Professor and Head of Psychological Methods<br/>• Theo Offerman, Professor of Behavioral Game Theory<br/>• Willemijn van Dolen, Professor of Marketing<br/>• Ilja Sligte, Assistant Professor of Cognitive Neuroscience<br/>• Anna Keuchenius, PhD Candidate, Political Sociology: Power, Place<br/>and Difference<br/>• Javier Garcia Bernardo, PhD Candidate, Political Economy and<br/>Transnational Governance</p> <p>Date: Monday 8th April<br/>Time: 16:00-18:30<br/>Location: Amsterdam Business School, M3.02, Plantage Muidergracht 12, Amsterdam</p> <p>***</p> <p>Registration is free but please do so in advance through Meet-up</p> <p>The event will be in English and is open to all</p> <p>***<br/>Amsterdam Data Science (ADS) accelerates data science research by connecting, sharing and showcasing world-class technology, expertise and talent from Amsterdam on a regional, national and international level. Our research enables business and society to better gather, store, analyse and present data in order to gain valuable insights and make informed decisions.</p>  

## Visual Cinnamon: A Data Visualisation Evening with Nadieh Bremmer 

<p>We would like to welcome you all to the second Nulab Developers Tech Talks edition, an evening dedicated to data visualization practices and moderated by our wonderful guest, Nadieh Bremer.</p> <p>Nadieh Bremer is a graduated Astronomer, turned Data Scientist, turned Data Visualization Designer. While working for a consultancy &amp; fintech company she discovered her passion for the visualization of data and is now working as a freelancing data visualization designer. As 2017's "Best Individual" in the Information is Beautiful Awards, she focuses on uniquely crafted (interactive) data visualizations that both engage and enlighten its audience. You can follow Nadieh's work at <a href="https://www.visualcinnamon.com/" class="linkified">https://www.visualcinnamon.com/</a> or on Twitter at <a href="https://twitter.com/NadiehBremer" class="linkified">https://twitter.com/NadiehBremer</a></p> <p>The evening will be divided into two parts:</p> <p>- the first part will be a talk in which Nadieh will take you along on her<br/>journey of lessons learned, challenges faced and the insights gathered<br/>from doing data sketch|es (<a href="http://www.datasketch.es/" class="linkified">http://www.datasketch.es/</a>), a year long<br/>collaboration in which she designed and created an extensive data<br/>visualization each month</p> <p>- the second part will be a hands-on, where you can apply and<br/>experiment with ideas and techniques presented by Nadieh in her talk,<br/>to create your own data visualizations</p> <p>******SCHEDULE*********************************************</p> <p>18:00 - Doors open. Some healthy snacks &amp; drinks will be waiting for you<br/>18:25 - Welcome<br/>18:30 - Nadieh Bremer - "data sketch|es - A year of exotic visualizations "<br/>19:00 - Hands-on<br/>20:00 - Goodbye</p> <p>***************************************************************</p> <p>* PREREQUISITES *<br/>This event is open to all data visualization enthusiasts, from beginners to advanced. For the hands-on part we will be using RAW Graphs (<a href="http://app.rawgraphs.io/" class="linkified">http://app.rawgraphs.io/</a>) to create data visualizations, so please BRING YOUR OWN LAPTOP with you and make sure you have a web browser installed.</p> <p>* VENUE DIRECTIONS *<br/>The event takes place on the fourth floor of the WeWork Metropool building (see event map). We will post signs at the main entrance to better mark the venue, and there will be someone at the reception downstairs to welcome you and help you find your way around :)</p> <p>*!! VERY IMPORTANT !!*<br/>Please note that we are bound by the venue rules to allow entry only based on a valid form of identification, so please make sure you have one with you.</p> <p>The house rules also require us to round up the event at 8pm sharp, so please be aware that we will be very strict in sticking to the above schedule.</p> <p>This event, just like all Nulab Developers initiatives, falls under the rules of our Code of Conduct (<a href="https://www.meetup.com/Nulab-Techtalks-AMS/pages/27553964/Code_of_Conduct/" class="linkified">https://www.meetup.com/Nulab-Techtalks-AMS/pages/27553964/Code_of_Conduct/</a>)</p>  

## Sisense Customer Meetup 

<p>Join our Sisense Customer Meetup in Amsterdam at Sisense Customer, Measuremen's offices in Central Amsterdam.</p> <p>18:00 - Drinks and Networking<br/>18:30 - Vincent Le Noble, CEO Measuremen - 'OEM implementation: From Startup to World Domination'<br/>19:00 - Hamza Jap-Tjong - Owner &amp; CEO at GeriMedica<br/>19:30 - Sisense Team - 'Sisense 2019 AI Product Roadmap'<br/>20:00 - Pizza, Beer and Networking</p>  

## 9th Medical Data plus Pizza meeting 

<p>Everything medical data science. And pizza.</p> <p>This edition features</p> <p>Ari Ercole, University of Cambridge, UK<br/>Machine Learning for Intensive Care Medicine</p> <p>Ronald Cornet, Amsterdam UMC, Location AMC<br/>From care data to FAIR data</p> <p>followed by discussion and networking with pizza</p>  

## 10th Medical Data plus Pizza meeting - Pitch Edition 

<p>Find a doctor or data scientist</p> <p>Are you a doctor or other healthcare professional? And do you want to learn more on big data and machine learning? Or do you have a great idea for a machine learning application that could benefit from a data scientist?</p> <p>Are you a data scientist and do you want to work with doctors and other healthcare professionals to work on projects that matter? Or do you want to meet them to discuss and improve your own projects?</p> <p>This is you chance to listen, meet or pitch!</p> <p>Amsterdam Medical Data Science unites 700 healthcare professionals and data scientists. With an important mission: to improve patient outcomes using big data and machine learning.</p> <p>Join us for a special event!</p> <p>What? Find a Doctor or Data Scientist. Who should attend? Everyone interested in machine learning and big data, especially doctors, other healthcare professionals and data scientists. Goal? Meet and Collaborate. Format? Ten pitches, four minutes each. When? Tuesday, May 21 at 1700 hours. Where? Amsterdam UMC, locatie VUmc, Rijnzaal. Food? Pizza after the pitches</p> <p>Registration? www.amsterdammedicaldatascience.nl (use chrome)<br/>Want to pitch? [masked] or via meetup</p>  

## #9 // The Revolution of Clearing and Bank Accounts (with ABN AMRO and Nxchange) 

<p>Marleen Evertsz - Chief Executive Officer at Nxchange<br/><a href="https://www.linkedin.com/in/marleen-evertsz-811544/" class="linkified">https://www.linkedin.com/in/marleen-evertsz-811544/</a></p> <p>Niek van Rens - Head of Innovation at ABN AMRO<br/><a href="https://www.linkedin.com/in/niek-van-rens-8957003/" class="linkified">https://www.linkedin.com/in/niek-van-rens-8957003/</a></p> <p>Save the date. Full details will be announced soon!</p>  

## Tensorflow in Production 

<p>Hey guys! Wanna know how to run Tensorflow in production effectively? How to customize your input pipeline? Then we want you in attendance!</p> <p>In this event we will have two experienced Tensorflow Engineers sharing their insights. The event will take place at WeWork on the 1st floor. Pizza and beer included!</p> <p>Agenda:</p> <p>6:15 - 6:30 pm: Doors Open/Registration</p> <p>6:30 - 6:50 pm: Tensorflow Serving - Laurens Weijs</p> <p>6:55 - 7:15 pm: Tensorflow Dataset api - Jeffrey Hagen</p> <p>7:15 - 8:00 pm: Pizza, beer and networking</p> <p>TF Serving<br/>Tensorflow is nice for doing research, however, one of the main advantages of the Tensorflow framework over other ML frameworks is it's ecosystem that easily allows for running your code in production. That is why we want to show you how to make use of tf serving.</p> <p>TF Dataset api<br/>Most of the Tf users are familiar with creating models and running training by now. What people are more unaware of is the tf dataset api. With this module, tf allows for preprocessing, preloading and customizing your input pipeline for training your models.</p> <p>Jeffrey Hagen</p> <p>Jeffrey is a ML Engineer based at the ML6 Netherlands office. During his career he developed himself as a passionate, multidisciplinary engineer with a strong pragmatic focus. He obtained a masters degree in Mechanical Engineering and gained 6 years work experience by working at different companies in different industries. His interests ranges very broadly from machine learning to industrial/mechanical engineering. His ambition is to disrupt industries with the use of machine learning algorithms.</p> <p>Laurens Weijs</p> <p>Laurens has a masters of Econometrics from University of Rotterdam and Computer Science from TU Delft on his resume. He started a new adventure at ML6 recently as a Data Engineer. During his thesis he investigated what happens when you let the field of reinforcement learning loose on portfolio management. But mostly he likes the practical approach to machine learning, what do you really need for a machine learning model in production, hence he will tell you more about TF-serving.</p>  

## Global AI Night - Amsterdam (Hosted by AI Nights) 

<p>-----------------<br/>Registration: <a href="https://go.eventbird.io/globalainight" class="linkified">https://go.eventbird.io/globalainight</a><br/>-----------------</p> <p>The Global AI Night is a free evening event organized by local communities all over the world that are passionate about Artificial Intelligence on the Microsoft Azure.</p> <p>The event takes place on the Tuesday 2nd of April on venues all over the world centrally organized by our HQ in the Netherlands, supported by Microsoft. The event is the perfect balance between quality content, awesome lectures, getting your hands dirty and learn &amp; share with other community members.</p> <p>-----------------------</p> <p>Program:<br/>17:30 - Walk-In &amp; Diner<br/>18:15 - Keynote<br/>18:30 - Lightning talks<br/>19:00 - Workshops 1 &amp; Workshop 2<br/>21:00 - Afsluiting &amp; drinks<br/>21:30 - Eind</p> <p>--------------------------------------</p> <p>Workshop 1:<br/>Get started quickly with AI with low to no code</p> <p>In this workshop you will be introduced to the Microsoft Cognitive Services, a range of offerings you can use to infuse intelligence and machine learning into your applications without needing to build the code from scratch. We will cover pre-trained AI APIs, such as computer vision and text analytics, that are accessed by REST. Then look at how you can host these models in containers, giving you the ability to run Cognitive Services offline and on edge devices. Finally we will dive into more Custom AI that uses transfer learning, allowing you to provide a small amount of your own data to train an image classification model. Wrapping the workshop up by building our custom trained AI into an application - using Logic Apps and Power Apps, tools that are ideal for proof of concepts within machine learning.</p> <p>------------------------------</p> <p>Workshop 2:<br/>Build, train and deploy your own machine learning and deep learning models</p> <p>Part 1: Build models quickly with automated machine learning</p> <p>Intelligent experiences powered by AI can seem like magic to users. Developing them, however, is cumbersome involving a series of sequential and interconnected decisions along the way that are very time consuming. Algorithm selection, hyper-parameter tuning, feature engineering... so many choices. What if there was an automated service that identifies the best machine learning pipelines for a given problem and dataset? The automated ML capability in Azure Machine Learning service does exactly that. By the end of the workshop you will create a model using automated ML and deploy it.</p> <p>Part 2: Crash course on building and accelerating deep learning solutions</p> <p>Learn the end to end process of building deep learning solutions from experimentation to deployment. We will start by experimenting locally with different model architectures and hyperparameters using PyTorch. Then, we’ll show you how to use Azure Machine Learning service to train models at massive scale in the cloud and seamlessly deploy them into production.</p> <p>------------------------------</p> <p>Dive in and learn how to implement intelligence into your solutions with the Microsoft AI platform, including pre-trained AI services like Cognitive Services and Bot Framework, as well as deep learning tools like Azure Machine Learning, Visual Studio Code Tools for AI, and Cognitive Toolkit.</p> <p>During this AI Night you will get inspired through sessions and get your hands dirty during the workshops. By the end of the night you will be able to infuse AI into your applications.</p> <p>More info on: <a href="https://global.ainights.com/" class="linkified">https://global.ainights.com/</a></p>  

## #10 // Coinstack App 

<p>Coinstack lets you make money instantly by investing in cryptocurrency from your phone, tablet or desktop. Trade anywhere, anytime.<br/><a href="https://coinstackapp.com/" class="linkified">https://coinstackapp.com/</a></p> <p>Max Middelman - Founder at Coinstack<br/><a href="https://www.linkedin.com/in/maxmiddelman/" class="linkified">https://www.linkedin.com/in/maxmiddelman/</a></p> <p>More info will be shared soon!</p>  

## #9 // How to organize your community-driven initiative using a DAO | TNW Special 

<p>Get ready for this years TNW conference or take a chance to hear TWN Hard Fork speakers before the event starts. We're organizing a special meetup featuring international TNW speakers as well as some members of our own Dutch ecosystem.</p> <p>All the talks will give their insights into the state of DAOs and how you can use a DAO to organize or govern your community driven initiative(s).</p> <p>More information will come soon!</p> <p>Pre-liminary line-up:</p> <p>Simona Pop | Bounties Network &amp; BRLN Coin<br/><a href="https://www.linkedin.com/in/simonalpop/" class="linkified">https://www.linkedin.com/in/simonalpop/</a></p> <p>Maarten Smakman | BlockDAM<br/><a href="https://www.linkedin.com/in/maartensmakman/" class="linkified">https://www.linkedin.com/in/maartensmakman/</a></p> <p>3rd Speaker to be confirmed</p>  

## Guided Meditation for Everyone 

<p>Hello, everyone:</p> <p>This free event will help you pick up the skills of meditation by avoiding the pitfalls. This event is for everyone who is interested in practising mindfulness to deal with the issues in life (though such an expectation should not be held): if you are a newbie, you will learn the meditation techniques; if you are an adept meditator, just join me and do the meditation together.</p> <p>In this event, I will share with you the meditation techniques and common pitfalls; share some philosophical thoughts and multiple perspectives on mindfulness hopefully from which you can get some inspiration. Most importantly, we will do the guided meditation together to experience it to find the subjective knowledge relevant to ourselves.</p> <p>Mindfulness is not a belief or religion per se, but how to relate you to your beliefs.</p> <p>This event only lasts one hour, but a relaxing chat after is possible if you want to stay.</p> <p>Schedule (subject to change depending on the attendance)</p> <p>1. Meditation basics, for any beginners attending the session.<br/>2. Guided Meditation 1<br/>3. A keynote speech followed/interspersed by Q&amp;A and light-hearted chat.<br/>4. Guided Meditation 2 to end the session (everyone leaves with peace and calm).</p> <p>Who am I?</p> <p>I am Chao (Cico) Zhang, a researcher, a mathematician and thinker focusing on human minds, philosophy, artificial intelligence and biology. Mindfulness is vital to my philosophy and thinking, and I want to help more people get on with it. More information about my thoughts on mindfulness can be found from <a href="https://mindful.mindiver.se" class="linkified">https://mindful.mindiver.se</a></p>  

## #11 //  

<p>More info will follow soon!</p>  

## apprilfestival 2019 

<p>Appril is a community-driven festival for professionals who work in the domain of apps, this can be developing, designing, the business or on the product side. We have two days with workshops, network diners and a conference with multiple tracks: Inspiration, Product, Mobile Marketing and growth hacking, Future of tech and the Design track. The venue is Pathé De Munt Movie Theater in Amsterdam. We expect around 350 attendees.</p>  

## Transfer Learning with BERT 

<p>For our third Snacks&amp;Hacks meetup, we will be playing around with BERT and Transfer learning.</p> <p>BERT’s key technical innovation is applying the bidirectional training of Transformer, a popular attention model, to language modelling. This is in contrast to previous efforts which looked at a text sequence either from left to right or combined left-to-right and right-to-left training.</p> <p>We will provide you with more information and materials in the coming weeks.</p> <p>Program:<br/>18:00 - 18:30 Walk-in (food and drinks)<br/>18:30 - 19:00 Introduction to BERT &amp; Transfer Learning<br/>by Anchormen's CTO Jeroen Vlek<br/>19:00 - 21:00 Hacking!<br/>21:00 - 21:15 Wrap up</p> <p>Bring your own device, we will arrange the rest!</p> <p>P.S. If you have any questions, please call us on this number:<br/>+31 [masked] and ask for Yordan (facility questions) or Jeroen (technical questions).</p>  

## [AMSTERDAM] study fast.ai fastai deep learning part II, lesson 2 HANDS ON 

<p>In this meetup series we go through the Fast.ai lessons part 2: Cutting edge deep learning for coders. We'll be going through the third version of this course.</p> <p>From the website:<br/>This course assumes you are familiar with part 1, Practical Deep Learning for Coders, so head over there if you haven't completed that course, or are not already familiar with current deep learning best practices. We will be assuming familiarity with everything from part 1, such as: CNNs (including resnets), RNNs (including LSTM and GRU), SGD/Adam/etc, batch normalization, data augmentation, PyTorch, and numpy. Like in part 1, there are around 20 hours of lessons, and you should plan to spend around 10 hours a week for 7 weeks to complete the material. The course is based on lessons recorded at The Data Institute at USF.<br/><a href="http://course18.fast.ai/part2.html" class="linkified">http://course18.fast.ai/part2.html</a></p> <p>We're doing this course:<br/><a href="https://www.usfca.edu/data-institute/certificates/deep-learning-part-two" class="linkified">https://www.usfca.edu/data-institute/certificates/deep-learning-part-two</a></p> <p>Join the Slack channel: <a href="https://join.slack.com/t/ai-lab-slack/shared_invite/enQtMzA5NDk2NDYyNDAzLTkxNDBlYTUwODM4MTQ2MzgxZTE1NGNmNGNjNGE0ODMzZGZhMzU2NmQyNzEzNjZmYjM0MGIzMWRkZmU1MDM3ZTg" class="linkified">https://join.slack.com/t/ai-lab-slack/shared_invite/enQtMzA5NDk2NDYyNDAzLTkxNDBlYTUwODM4MTQ2MzgxZTE1NGNmNGNjNGE0ODMzZGZhMzU2NmQyNzEzNjZmYjM0MGIzMWRkZmU1MDM3ZTg</a></p> <p>Preliminary dates:<br/>1. Thursday, March 28<br/>2. Thursday, April 4<br/>3. Thursday, April 11<br/>4. Thursday, April 18<br/>5. Thursday, April 25<br/>6. Thursday, May 3<br/>7. Thursday, May 9<br/>Recap. Thursday, May 16</p>  

