# Meetup events 

## Meetup.ai Berlin #2.3 AI, Art and Collaboration  

<p>Meetup.ai has partnered up with Melodrive to provide a special event about an interesting and often requested topic: AI and Art.</p> <p>For those that are new to the scene, here is what you will need to know: This series takes place at the first Wednesday of the month and entail a mix of networking and entertainment, with pretzels/drinks and fellow minded friends as well hands-on, real-life examples of AI in action. For the first time in meetup.ai history, we will also have a panel, which will allow for a deeper discussion of this complicated and exciting topic.</p> <p>Tonight you’ll receive expert insight into how the imminent artificial intelligence revolution will leave a lasting mark on the world of art.</p> <p>The AI industry is growing at a rapid pace, reshaping every sphere of society. The argument that the creative industries won’t be affected because ‘they’re unique to the human experience’, no longer applies. It’s already prevalent in the music industry through platforms like Spotify, and apps like Jambl. Not only are musicians and artists creatively integrating AI into their expression, but they’re also connecting the dots that AI can improve their workflow and output. Bringing these two worlds together could lead to a beautiful masterpiece.</p> <p>-Schedule for the Evening</p> <p>18:15- Doors Open<br/>18:45- “The rise of the creative AI”, by by Valerio Velardo<br/>19:15-“Artificial poetry”, by Christian Mio Loclair<br/>19:45- Pause<br/>20:00- “How’s AI fundamentally changing how musicians and artists create?”, panel moderated by Helen Meyer<br/>21:15 - Networking<br/>22:00- Doors Close</p> <p>Special Thanks for ThoughtWorks for hosting and being our partner for the Data and Drinks 2.0 series and for the Good Technology Collective and Melodrive for their support.<br/>Speakers for the evening</p> <p>--<br/>Valerio Velardo<br/>Valerio is CEO and co-founder of Melodrive — The AI video game music platform. He’s an AI and music researcher, composer, conductor, pianist and programmer. Valerio earned a PhD in Music and AI ,where he developed mathematical and computational models to simulate the behaviour of music societies.</p> <p>Christian Mio Loclair<br/>Christian “Mio” Loclair, creative director at Waltz Binaire, is a media artist and choreographer from Berlin, Germany. He explores the harmonic friction of human bodies, movement and nature colliding with digital aesthetics. He is publishing his work on mobile applications, digital projections and theatre stages around the world for<br/>independent and commissioned projects.</p> <p>Panel Members</p> <p>Billy Mello<br/>Billy Mello is a Brazilian born musical producer and DJ which lives in Germany since 2015 in order to pursue new experiences and focus on research and music production for new medias.</p> <p>Helen Meyer<br/>Helen Meyer is project lead at The Venue Berlin. She studied music business in the UK and Germany, and her professional background combines the traditional music industry with innovations and music tech startup support.</p> <p>Sebastian Stober<br/>Sebastian Stober is Professor for Artificial Intelligence at the Otto von Guericke University Magdeburg. In his interdisciplinary research, he combines machine learning, music information retrieval and cognitive neuroscience.</p> <p>Andy Elmsley<br/>Andy is co-founder and CTO of Melodrive, an AI adaptive music system for games and interactive media</p> <p>Jovanka v. Wilsdorf<br/>Jovanka v. Wilsdorf is a Berlin based musician and songwriter at BMG Rights Management.</p> <p>If you are interested in talking to the team, cooperating or partnering you can reach Nicholas Borsotto, Brandon Beckett or Travis Scott through Linkedin."</p> <p><a href="http://meetupai.com/" class="linkified">http://meetupai.com/</a></p>  

## Text Mined Knowledge Graphs 

<p>#### Text Mining Knowledge Graphs<br/>Text is the medium used to store the tremendous wealth of scientific knowledge regarding the world we live in. However with its ever increasing magnitude and throughput, analysing this unstructured data has become a tedious task. This has led to the rise of Natural Language Processing (NLP), as the go-to for examining and processing large amounts of natural language data.</p> <p>This involves the automatic extraction of structured semantic information from unstructured machine-readable text. The identification of these explicit concepts and relationships help in discovering multiple insights contained in text in a scalable and effective way.</p> <p>A major challenge is the mapping of un-structured information from raw texts into entities, relationships and attributes in the knowledge graph. In this talk, we demonstrate how Grakn can be used to create a text mining knowledge graph capable of modelling, storing, and exploring beneficial information extracted from medical literature.</p> <p>#### Syed Irtaza Raza, Software and Biomedical Engineer @ Grakn Labs<br/>Syed is a Software and Biomedical Engineer at Grakn, primarily working on introducing the world on how to use a knowledge graph such as Grakn to build cognitive/intelligent systems in the Biomedical domain. To achieve this, he is implementing innovative examples as templates and ideas for how clients and community members may apply in their own specific projects of any field.</p> <p>With a background in Electrical, Software and Biomedical Engineering, Syed’s mission is to discover and implement intelligent biomedical tools that are only possible with Grakn as a knowledge graph.</p> <p>Timings: 18.30 - 19.00: Networking &amp; Drinks</p> <p>19.00 - 19.45: Modelling and Working with Text Mining Data</p> <p>19.45 - 21.00: Networking &amp; Drinks</p>  

## Data Powered Meetup Vol. I 

<p>This group is for data leaders to exchange on technology strategies, organizational structures and talent methodologies that allow them to transform and power their business with data, smart analytics and artificial intelligence.</p> <p>We are excited to announce our first Data Powered meetup.</p> <p>Agenda:<br/>18:30 - Open doors, drinks, pizza and networking<br/>19:00 - Welcome &amp; "Why do we need Data Powered?" - Yann Landrin-Schweitzer<br/>19:15 - "Technical debt in machine learning" - Jaroslaw Szymczak<br/>19:45 - Break<br/>20:00 - Second speaker<br/>20:30 - Networking</p> <p>Talks:<br/>*Yann Landrin-Schweitzer* is Senior Director Machine Learning at Delivery Hero. He will give an introduction about the purpose and aim of this meetup group.</p> <p>*Jaroslaw Szymczak* is Senior Data Scientist at the OLX Group. His talk is about one of most often underestimated challenges in software development - technical debt. For machine learning systems there are even more aspects to consider. In this talk you will learn about the most common pitfalls including real life examples and explanations, such as:<br/>- handling concept drift<br/>- being aware of feedback loops<br/>- living with correction cascades</p> <p>If you are interested in giving a talk as well, please reach out to Lisa Klostermann.</p> <p>Of course, snacks and drinks will be provided :)</p>  

## Watson IoT - be ready for the connected future  

<p>Agenda to follow</p>  

## AI x Shared Car Fleets 

<p>Join us for the first Meetup event from AI x Mobility Berlin!</p> <p>Our expert speakers will be discussing how they are using AI for the shared car fleets of today - and how they're preparing for the fleets of the future.</p> <p>Thank you to Bain &amp; Company <a href="https://www.bain.com/de/" class="linkified">https://www.bain.com/de/</a> for providing the venue and Oply <a href="https://www.oply.com/" class="linkified">https://www.oply.com/</a> for the refreshments!</p> <p>Agenda:</p> <p>18:30 - Arrival and registration</p> <p>18:45 - Introductions</p> <p>19:00 - Presentations and Q&amp;A:</p> <p>- Christian Lang, CEO &amp; Co-Founder, Chargery <a href="https://chargery.de/" class="linkified">https://chargery.de/</a><br/>- Kees Romkes, Senior Product Manager, Oply <a href="https://www.oply.com/" class="linkified">https://www.oply.com/</a><br/>- Michael Dominic K., CTO &amp; Co-Founder, Cleanride <a href="https://www.cleanride.io/" class="linkified">https://www.cleanride.io/</a></p> <p>20:00 - Refreshments and networking</p> <p>20:30 - Close</p>  

## PowerAI Meetup @ Berlin – prior Rise of AI Conference 

<p>*save the date*</p> <p>We're hosting our first Berlin Meetup on 15th May 2019. One day before the Rise of AI Conference in Berlin.</p> <p>Be exited – more information will follow soon!</p>  

## idalab seminar #18: Generating music in realtime with Artificial Intelligence 

<p>What if music could change automatically with the emotional state in a video game?</p> <p>In a time when creators of video games are trying to make gaming an ever more immersive and ever more real experience, AI is beginning to have an impact in the field. Everyone who’s ever played a video game knows: Music plays an important part in conveying the atmosphere of altering game states and thus needs to change dynamically as the gamer makes choices and variations of the storyline unfold. However, as storylines get ever more complex and the number of possible choices practically explodes, the task of implementing changes in music into a game’s engine, while at the same time ensuring smooth transitions, eventually becomes too complex to handle manually. The task clearly calls for some form of automatisation - but does AI have the ability to create effective video game music?</p> <p>Using AI to generate adaptive video game music is not entirely new. A wealth of research has been carried out both in academia and the gaming industry. Deep Adaptive Music (DAM), an innovative solution developed by Melodrive, extends adaptive music by more intensely leveraging AI. DAM allows for the generation of music in realtime by an AI system running directly inside an interactive experience, adapting to emotional states within the game on a granular level. Responding to both the user’s interaction and to the changing game states, DAM complements the idea of co-creation between the AI and a human composer or player. In my talk, I will first give an overview on past research in the field, then dive into the mechanics behind DAM and eventually consider AI’s potentiality in creative tasks.</p> <p>Speaker: Valerio Velardo is CEO and co-founder of Melodrive, a startup company that is developing an AI music system that generates music automatically for interactive experiences, such as video games and VR/AR. He has a PhD in music and AI from the University of Huddersfield, UK. Valerio has spent the last ten years teaching computers how to create music autonomously. In his research, he has developed an AI multi-agent system that is capable of simulating a society of virtual songwriters that produce rock songs and develop their own musical style. Valerio has also studied astrophysics at degree level and, in another life, has worked as pianist, composer and conductor.</p> <p>-------</p> <p>It is also possible to watch the seminar live via Vimeo: <a href="https://vimeo.com/user85814074" class="embedded">https://vimeo.com/user85814074</a></p>  

##  A.I and Data Science Bootcamp for Decision Maker 

<p>Data Science and A.I Bootcamp For Business Executive and Decision Maker</p> <p>We partner with Dr. Stylianos Kampakis designed this workshop to help you out with all this.</p> <p>“Stylianos brings great enthusiasm to his workshop – his interest in all things AI shines through.” - Tim Gordon, Chief Executive at the Liberal Democrats</p> <p>"Stylianos’s bespoke workshop allows for in-depth complicated analytical concepts to be understood in a manageable and easy way. Coving the background of the constant changing world of data science and breaking down the key concepts of data science." - Dominik Byrne, Investor, Entrepreneur, Advisor</p> <p>Have you ever felt confused by terms such as "data science" and "big data"? What is really the difference between AI and machine learning? How can you hire a good data scientist and how do you build a data-driven organisation? Have you ever thought you'd like to use data-science, but you don't know where to start? The Tesseract Academy and Dr. Stylianos Kampakis designed this workshop to help you out.</p> <p>This event is geared towards all non-technical decision makers (CEOs, managers, heads of divisions, startup founders, etc.) who want to learn what data science is, and how it can be used within their company.</p> <p>The purpose of the workshop is to be both educational and consultational. The workshop includes problem-solving sessions, where the audience can pose any kind of problem, and the solutions will be discussed from all points of view: research design, actual solution or hiring. No question will be left unanswered!</p> <p>There are 5 sessions:</p> <p>1) Intro to data science and AI: A historical overview and a demystification of jargon</p> <p>2) Managing data: All the things that go wrong in data collection and management and how to fix them</p> <p>3) Thinking like a data scientist (without being one): Understand how data scientists solve problems, and under what circumstances and how you can use data science within an organisation.</p> <p>4) Hiring and managing data scientists: In this session we get into the mind of a data scientist, discuss about the data science tribes, and understand how to hire and manage.</p> <p>5) Building a data-centric culture: Data science does not stand in a vacuum. It interacts with all parts of a business. This session helps you understand how to best put all the pieces together, in order to maximise performance of your data scientists.</p> <p>What are the problem-solving sessions about?<br/>During the problem-solving sessions, we will solve on the blackboard any kind of problem the audience poses. In a previous workshop, for example, one of the problems was “How can we use Twitter data to predict Bitcoin prices?”. The solution included the full pipeline (from data collection to data storage), to actually solving the problem and hiring the right people.</p> <p>¹ Dr. Stylianos Kampakis is an expert data scientist (with a decade of experience), member of the Royal Statistical Society, an honorary research fellow at the UCL Centre for Blockchain Technologies and startup consultant living and working in London. A natural polymath, with degrees in Psychology, Artificial Intelligence, Statistics, Economics and a Ph.D in Computer Science from University College London he loves using his broad skillset to solve difficult problems. You can learn more about his work at skampakis.com.</p>  

## AI for Autonomous Mobility  

<p>Our meetups are the place where autonomous mobility enthusiasts meet together to learn, to share, to compete. Having the self-racing challenge (aka Deep Berlin RoboCars) as the ultimate goal, we meet every month to share our progress and get inspired from others. We aim on the cutting edge technologies applied to the ambitious task of making our cars moving autonomously. If you are passionated about deep learning, computer vision, embedded computing, robotics, we are glad to see you among us. If you ever wanted to build a model that is able to drive by itself, we will help you to make the first steps.</p> <p>Agenda:</p> <p>18:00 - 19:00 - Doors are open, time to chat, to expose your newest cars, to fine-tune your models to the track<br/>19:00 - 19:30 - One or two short talks from our participants<br/>From 19:30 - Time to race and to shed some light on technical details about your approach to self-driving. Contact persons : Oliver Beck ([masked]), Dmytro Prylipko ([masked])</p>  

## Data Wholphins 

<p>Let’s explore the intersections of Data Science, Engineering and System Operations!</p> <p>Most of the Big Data and machine learning projects end with the PoC and never find their way into production. We want to show and discuss how to build a bridge between data science, engineering and system operations.<br/>Come join us to talk about projects, tools and processes on how to build awesome products in great teams!</p> <p>The speakers will be annonced here shortly</p> <p>The meetup will be hosted at the Co.up Community on the 3rd floor, Adalbertstraße 8, 10999 Berlin<br/>Find more information here: <a href="http://co-up.de/about.html" class="linkified">http://co-up.de/about.html</a></p>  

## AI for Autonomous Mobility  

<p>Our meetups are the place where autonomous mobility enthusiasts meet together to learn, to share, to compete. Having the self-racing challenge (aka Deep Berlin RoboCars) as the ultimate goal, we meet every month to share our progress and get inspired from others. We aim on the cutting edge technologies applied to the ambitious task of making our cars moving autonomously. If you are passionated about deep learning, computer vision, embedded computing, robotics, we are glad to see you among us. If you ever wanted to build a model that is able to drive by itself, we will help you to make the first steps.</p> <p>Agenda:</p> <p>18:00 - 19:00 - Doors are open, time to chat, to expose your newest cars, to fine-tune your models to the track<br/>19:00 - 19:30 - One or two short talks from our participants<br/>From 19:30 - Time to race and to shed some light on technical details about your approach to self-driving. Contact persons : Oliver Beck ([masked]), Dmytro Prylipko ([masked])</p>  

## AI for Autonomous Mobility  

<p>Our meetups are the place where autonomous mobility enthusiasts meet together to learn, to share, to compete. Having the self-racing challenge (aka Deep Berlin RoboCars) as the ultimate goal, we meet every month to share our progress and get inspired from others. We aim on the cutting edge technologies applied to the ambitious task of making our cars moving autonomously. If you are passionated about deep learning, computer vision, embedded computing, robotics, we are glad to see you among us. If you ever wanted to build a model that is able to drive by itself, we will help you to make the first steps.</p> <p>Agenda:</p> <p>18:00 - 19:00 - Doors are open, time to chat, to expose your newest cars, to fine-tune your models to the track<br/>19:00 - 19:30 - One or two short talks from our participants<br/>From 19:30 - Time to race and to shed some light on technical details about your approach to self-driving. Contact persons : Oliver Beck ([masked]), Dmytro Prylipko ([masked])</p>  

## Deep Tech Meetup #5 

<p>Hello Bot-Enthusiasts,</p> <p>This will be our fifth meetup with a strong focus on tech and research. The speakers are encouraged to show equations and code.<br/>The talks will be ca. 20 min each and will be followed by a Q&amp;A session, so there will be plenty of time for discussions.</p> <p>Speakers:<br/>- Edoardo Ponti - Ph.D. Student in Computational Linguistics at the University of Cambridge (<a href="https://scholar.google.com/citations?user=tklL2q0AAAAJ&amp;hl=en" class="linkified">https://scholar.google.com/citations?user=tklL2q0AAAAJ&amp;hl=en</a>)</p> <p>- Yova Kementchedjhieva - Ph.D. Student in NLP and Machine Learning at University of Copenhagen (<a href="https://yovakem.github.io" class="linkified">https://yovakem.github.io</a>)</p> <p>Agenda:<br/>6:30-7:00pm Doors open &amp; Networking<br/>7:00-8:00pm Talks + Q&amp;A<br/>8:00-9:00pm Networking &amp; Beer</p> <p>See you soon,<br/>The Rasa Team</p>  

## The AI Guild Dinner for Data Scientists & Machine Learners  

<p>Are you a Data Scientist, Data Engineer or Data Analyst?<br/>Perhaps also active in Machine or Deep Learning?<br/>Meet your colleagues over a professional dinner.</p> <p>Join us for the AI Guild shared dinner<br/>- Find out how the emerging AI Guild supports your career and company<br/>- Get introductions to colleagues<br/>- Support the quest for training and connecting 10,000 Data Scientists for Europe</p> <p>Dinner rules<br/>- Please bring your business card<br/>- If you sign up, you turn up, ​please<br/>- We pay for our own dinner (expect €20-25)</p>  

## Was ihr wollt? - Austausch zu Themen & Weiterentwicklung der B-DoSE 

<p>Liebe B-DoSE-Community,</p> <p>seit mehr als 5 Jahren sind wir euer zuverlässiges Organisationskomitee für agilen Austausch, Wissenszuwachs und Impulse.<br/>Mit euch haben wir ein großes Netzwerk, welches wir ein wenig mehr aktivieren wollen, um dem Community-Gedanken der Gegenseitigkeit etwas mehr Raum zu geben.</p> <p>Jetzt seid ihr gefragt!<br/>In diesem Event wünschen wir uns einen Austausch zu unserer Arbeit und zu Möglichkeiten stärkerer Aktivierung der Community bezüglich Beiträgen für die B-DoSE-Abende. Zusätzlich würden wir gerne Impulse für neue Themen sammeln. Wir freuen uns auf euch. :-)</p> <p>Für Getränke und Essen ist wie immer gesorgt.<br/>Einlass ist wie immer ab 18:30 Uhr.</p> <p>Bitte tut uns den Gefallen, dass ihr verbindlich zu- oder absagt.<br/>Es soll eine kleine Runde werden, bei der wir von eurem Input profitieren wollen.</p> <p>Falls ihr nicht teilnehmen könnt oder wollt, aber trotzdem Feedback oder Anregungen habt, schickt uns einfach, wir nehmen das für den Abend mit auf. Vielen Dank jetzt schon für eure Beiträge!</p>  

## Tagging and categorizing data sets within legal constraints; NLP 

<p>Talk 1: Tagging and categorizing data sets within legal constraints</p> <p>Speakers: Dandan Wang and Benjamin Thorand (T-Systems)</p> <p>Abstract: In this talk we will detail the challenges encountered when extracting and analyzing the open data portals. I discuss our approach to onboard and enrich the open datasets by automatically identifying the data tags and further categorizing the datasets.</p> <p>Bio: WIP</p> <p>---<br/>Talk 2: TBD (but something NLP)<br/>Speaker: Thomas Schnake<br/>Abstract: TBD<br/>Bio: Thomas is wokring on a PhD in Machine Learning at TU Berlin.</p>  

## Berlin ML Group - Topics TBD 

<p>Talk 1: TBD<br/>Speaker: TBD<br/>Abstract: TBD<br/>Bio: TBD</p> <p>-</p> <p>Talk 2: TBD<br/>Speaker: TBD<br/>Abstract: TBD<br/>Bio: TBD</p>  

## Splunk in Container - wir wollen diskutieren! 

<p>Hallo Splunk Community,</p> <p>wir laden Euch herzlich zu unserem Meetup ein.</p> <p>Spielregeln:<br/>keine Agenda<br/>kein Beamer<br/>kein Powerpoint</p> <p>Wir wollen mit Euch ein Meetup veranstalten und Euch keinen Vortrag halten. Daher ist Eure Beteiligung fester Bestandteil eines geselligen Abends.</p> <p>Unser Aufruf für den Abend: Let´s discuss about splunk in containers!</p> <p>Vor der Diskussion gibt es von uns einen kurzen Pitch (ca. 20 Minuten). Warum bewegt uns das? Macht Splunk in Container Sinn?</p> <p>Im Anschluss freuen wir uns auf eine lebhafte Diskussion und einen spannenden Erfahrungsaustausch zum Thema.</p> <p>Jeder, der eine Meinung und/oder einen Beitrag zum Thema hat, ist willkommen – egal, ob Profi oder Starter. Bitte beachtet, dass dieses Meetup auf Deutsch stattfinden wird.</p> <p>Damit niemand umfällt, darf er sich bei den bereitgestellten Getränken und Pizzen bedienen. Vielen Dank an unsere Kolleginnen und Kollegen in Berlin, dass wir ihre Geschäftsstelle für unser Meetup nutzen dürfen. Im Ausklang prüfen wir die Funktion des Kickers…</p> <p>Wir freuen uns auf Dich und über Deine aktive Teilnahme.</p> <p>Viele Grüße<br/>Björn, Matthias &amp; Martin</p> <p>#Splunk #Container #Docker #Kubernetes #Openshift</p>  

## Digital Bancassurance: Hype or Gamechanger? 

<p>Digital Bancassurance: Hype or Gamechanger?</p> <p>Let's discuss together the latest trends in Bancassurance! Here some first information:</p> <p>- 1st Meetup hosted &amp; organized by Friendsurance.<br/>- Insights in new technology, strategy &amp; mindset for digitizing bancassurance.<br/>- Speakers from the start-up community, corporates and other pioneers.<br/>- English- and German-speaking<br/>- For whom this Meetup is a must?: everybody in this community, everybody working for banks or insurers, people working in #fintech or #insurtech, thought leaders, new-thinkers, coders, investors, everybody interested!<br/>- Agenda coming, soon!<br/>- You want to contribute to the program, have specific wishes, questions or feedback? Please PM!</p> <p>Looking forward to meeting you and having nice some discussions and drinks together.</p> <p>Yours - Sebastian Langrehr<br/>friendsurancebusiness.com</p> <p>P.S.: Help us making this 1st Meetup big! Tell your network and invite them :) .</p>  

## Berlin ML Group - Bringing Deep Learning to poetry analysis. 

<p>Talk 1: Deep Learning as a Challenge for Digital Humanities</p> <p>Speaker: PD Dr. Burkhard Meyer-Sickendiek and Dr. Hussein Hussein</p> <p>Abstract: Our project "rhythmicalizer" – funded by Volkswagen – applies deep learning methods to literary and cultural studies. This project classifies poetic texts from the website "lyrikline" according to rhythmic patterns, which is important for our idea of modern poetry and its adequate translation. In this talk, we will explain both feature- and neural networks-based classifications, mainly with regard to character-embeddings. A special focus will be on the combination of audio and text data, which is also of interest for other areas such as film-dubbings.</p> <p>Bio: Burkhard Meyer-Sickendiek<br/>Burkhard is head of the VW research group "Rhythmicalizer -- A Digital Tool to Identify Free Verse Prosody" and leads a project in the field of digital humanities in cooperation with the Berlin portal lyrikline. He studied at the Universities of Bielefeld and Münster, received his doctorate at the University of Tübingen with a thesis on the problem of epigonism and then habilitated as a postdoc at the LMU Munich with a study on German-Jewish satire. In 2009 he came to Freie Universität Berlin as a visiting professor for Modern German Literature, and from 2010 to 2015 he was a Heisenberg fellow of the German Research Foundation (DFG). His research interests include computational humanities, E-learning, 17th- and 18th-century theatre, poetry of modernism/postmodernism, and the literature of German-Jewish modernism. Burkhard is the author of several monographs covering comparative literature from the 17th up to the 21st century.</p> <p>Bio: Hussein Hussein<br/>Hussein studied at the Dresden University of Technology (TUD), where he received a PhD in the field of acoustic and speech communication. During his PhD studies, Hussein worked as a research assistant at the Laboratory of Acoustics and Speech Communication (TUD) and at the Beuth University of Applied Sciences (BHT) in Berlin. He is presently a research assistant at the Free University Berlin.</p> <p>Talk 2: OCR as Ultra-Dense Object Detection</p> <p>Speaker: Dr. Marco Spinaci</p> <p>Abstract: In this talk I will present a simple single-stage end-to-end deep learning approach for optical character recognition (OCR). Following established practices in the computer vision community, this approach is based on an encoder-decoder architecture; the network predicts both a semantic segmentation (encoding character information) and single-stage object detection (to distinguish multiple occurrences of the same character). In comparison with current state-of-the-art models (based on multiple preprocessing steps such as splitting the page into lines or blocks of text) our approach is easier to train, and it provides superior results to common open source OCR solutions (such as Tesseract). This is based on joint work with Johannes Höhne, Anoop Katti, and Christian Reisswig.</p> <p>Bio: Marco is a Senior Data Scientist at SAP. He holds a Ph.D. in mathematics from Université Joseph Fourier (Grenoble). Motivated by the successes of deep learning, he left academia four years ago and first applied machine learning techniques to risk management. In 2018 he joined SAP's Deep Learning Center of Excellence, where we build machine learning prototypes for problems in natural language processing and computer vision.</p>  

